Before we start working on our first element which is going to be a hero.
So we're going to have the header eventually within the header.
There is going to be a number but we're going to start very very simply by testing out the Flex properties
just so we can place the text all the way in the center whether that's vertically as well as horizontal.
Now like I said before we start working on this particular element.
I'm going to have to set up some global sea assets.
Now why am I setting up a global services.
First of all we're going to set up DC assess variables.
So just in case you let's say don't like the color because as you can see my main color was this green
one.
Well let's say you like to go with the different one.
So in that case you can just change the value for that particularly as this variable and that goes for
any kind of values that I'm going to have within the variables.
This is going to allow you to customize your project how really like.
That's number one.
Second as your projects get bigger and bigger I like the fact that I can use some global spaces where
I don't have to recreate for each and every section.
The CEO says that is repeating right.
That would be the deal with let's say images.
I would want all my images to have a width of hundred and display a block because I know that I'm going
to apply the same see says for all the images.
So I do like to set up my synapses where there are some global styles whether that is going to be the
buttons so all the buttons look or what would be the padding for the section and so on and so forth.
Now if you don't like using the global sea CSX or you're just bored during this video you can skip the
next video.
And as always you can get the source code within the resources of the video.
Now enough of me yapping like I said I would like to set up some global sources and I'm going to start
with my variables.
Now please if you're not familiar or if you need to brush up with the variables head over to a tutorial
part where we talk about variables or you can also check it out the previous T station project.
Now I'm gonna set up my variables within the road so I'm going to target the root or HDMI element and
you know what.
In this case I'm going to create some comments.
So let's.
Yes as the variables like so and then maybe as well for the fonts let's just leave these funds have
some kind of comment and within the road.
Like I said I'm going to set up some variables and there's quite a few of them.
So to start by primary color primary color.
And again that is of course the name of my variable.
Now my value is going to be hashtag.
And then three of these and then zero the four again if you'd like to use a different value because
as you can clearly see that is my green color.
Go ahead just change whether that's the name of the variable or in fact the value.
But in this case as I'm working with the project there's two things.
First of all I'm not going to have to repeat this hashtag.
Three of these because I might find that annoying as I'm doing that.
I don't know 16 20 or 25 times.
Instead I'm going to say you know what.
Let's grab our primary color variable.
That's number one and second like I said if later on you don't like this particular color you want to
change it to something else.
Well the only thing you need is just to change this value.
Then let's in fact create few more variables like I said Main White is going to be hashtag FFL.
So that's going to be my main color.
Then let's also add the off white a little bit darker white color so hashtag seven.
I have seven and seven.
That should do it.
Then we have the main black main black is going to be hashtag 2 2 2.
That's my next color.
Then also we have a main Gray.
So again we have hyphen hyphen and then the name of the variable and I'm going to go with hashtag.
Easy easy easy.
That's my man Gray.
And then when we also add a dark gray dark gray is going to be hashtag of a f f a.
OK.
Now there is also going to be some transitions.
So let's say as I'm hovering over the button and as you can see the color is changing over time it's
not changing instantly.
And for that we use the transition properly.
But in order to make it easier we're going to set up the value right away for my base transition.
So every time I'm going to use the transition in fact I'm going to have these variable.
Now of course you can make it custom or each and every case but I'm just going to make things easier
by setting up the values for my transition in one place in one variable.
So then each and every time I would like to use this transition while the only thing I need is access
that variable.
Right now my variable name is going to be hyphen hyphen main transition and like so and I'm going to
say that I would want to affect all the properties.
Then it's going to take zero point three seconds and the transition is going to happen linearly.
Now again since this is not our first project I'm going to be skipping on things already.
I'm assuming that you're already familiar with transition property.
If you're not please head over that Oriel and cover it one more time.
OK.
Now as far as transition I would also want to have some main spacing so I'm going to use this particular
variable for my letter spacing.
So again in that case my letter spacing is going to be exactly the same as I'm using throughout the
project.
You can make it more custom and in some cases we're gonna make it bigger or smaller but there should
be some base letter spacing and that's the reason for my main spacing variable and that particular spacing
is going to be zero point two areas.
Now there's two more variables I would like to create as you see as we're hovering over the cards.
First of all would you already have some box shadow here.
The latter one as I'm hovering it in fact gets darker.
So again since our project is quite big if I would want to have the same box shadow let's say all over
my project and I can always change it.
What's the reason why set up the variables so I'm going to go for light shadow and that's number one
and I'm going to go with values of two pixels five pixels three pixels zero in fact is going to be for
the spread and then for a color I'm gonna go for zero zero zero twenty five.
Okay let's copy and paste it that's my light shadow and then let's go for double the values for my dark
shadow first of all let's rename it dark shadow and then let's set it up ten pixels right here and then
five pixels blur as well as the color is going to be a little bit darker as I already mentioned previously
if you'd like to quickly generate these colors you can just go for blocks shadow generator and then
you just click on the box shadow generator and as you see the first value is going to be horizontal
length and we have vertical line playing we have blurred radius as well as the spread radius we can
change the colors and all that.
Now I wouldn't suggest using the all of them meaning all the values as well as with a prefix.
Because at the end of the project since we're using with the flux box and I would like to show you how
we can quickly add in fact prefixes Well we're going to take a look at the extension that I'm using
and the extension name is pre fixing a prefix R which currently I don't have.
So we're going to install it together and then we're gonna start using it together as well.
So I would just suggest grabbing the last value here.
So we have three values I would suggest just grabbing the last one because like I said at the end of
the project we're going to use our our prefix R extension which in fact is going to do the same thing.
OK.
Now that is if you'd like to have some kind of custom box shadow that should do it.
As far as my variables are concerned.
So why don't we do the recent right now.
So first of all let me close the sidebar with me and the comment of where we'd like to reset some default
styles that come with the browser.
Now in this case though I'm gonna go with a star so all the elements as well.
Remember we had before and after.
So we have a before as well as comma after.
Now the reason why I'm selecting these two as well because when we're going to work within the about
in fact we're going to use these before in order to grade this effect and for that I would like to have
the box sizing to be border box.
Because if we would like to apply some kind of padding if there's some kind of with already I wouldn't
want my element to get bigger.
And the reason why first of all I would want to have a margin of zero for all the elements including
the before and after as well as the padding of zero padding of zero.
And lastly like I said box sizing should be border box more remarks that should do it.
And then line by line why don't we add some scissors.
So let's go for the body and what we would want for the body.
Like I said we're gonna start with a fine family and I'm gonna move this guy outside like so and then
let's say we're gonna have the color for all the fans and I'm gonna go for the dark color so far main
black.
That's the color then also for the background.
I'm gonna go with an off white.
So not with the regular white but instead we're gonna go with white.
And again if would like to access the variables with IVR and then the name of that particular variable.
So since I'm looking for off white while I just grab the White then line height should be one point
four and you're gonna see how we change it in fact for the paragraphs and all that but the default one
should be one point four and font size is going to be one harems by default like so one Arias.
Now.
Well then I'm gonna add some more global stars because like I said there are some things that are repeating
like for example for the images.
Remember if we don't add for the images the width of hundred and then display a block will Well two
things are happening.
First of all the image is going to be massive.
It's just going to have its generic or not maybe generic.
It's going to have its general width and height.
So that's probably something that you wouldn't want because you would want to control the width of the
image.
The in fact the same as the parent container.
That's number one and second if we don't have display of Block Well there's going to be this annoying
margin in the bottom.
So that's the reason why I'm gonna have some global styles and we're gonna set up some global styles.
Like I said for all the images there are going to be included in our project.
I right away I want to set up the width of hundred percent so it nicely is responsive and it only gets
as big as the parent container and that's number one.
And second I would want them to be display block so that way we get rid of this annoying margin that
comes by default.
Then let's right away work with all our headings because like I said I don't want to come back for each
and every section and then let's say add some kind of font size for my headings I could set up this
right away and then each and every time when I wouldn't want to use the heading unless I would want
to do something custom I could be like you know what.
In this case I'm going to use the heading for land in this case I'm going to use heading to and so on
and so forth.
So that way you don't have to jump from section to section and just keep on repeating the same style
that we already had.
Right now the way we're going to write is heading 1 and 2 and in 3 so I'm selecting all the headings
adding 4 and 5 as well as having 6.
And for these headings I would like to have the font family of the Poppins as you clearly can see and
then I would also want to add a little bit of margin bottom.
So I'm gonna go for one point twenty five are Iams like so that of what else we would like.
Well let's right away at the letter spacing.
Remember we have the variable for that so let's write.
Main spacing that is going to be for my headings.
Now let's go more specifically for each and every heading.
And when I say each and every headings I'm talking about heading one all the way to four where I'm going
to add these specific in fact font size so let's write font size and I'm gonna go for three point three
for one hour.
Meaning for having one and this is really up to you if you'd like to change these values later on of
course you can do it if you find my font to be too big or too small.
Now let's in fact copy and paste that one to three times and let's just change these values where for
heading to.
I'm gonna set up two point three arms font size then heading three is going to be now let's see two
arms like so to our.
And then lastly we have a hearing for the heading for is going to be one point you again if you don't
like my values.
Fair enough you can use different values.
And this is the case where again I want to show that I have massively zoomed in so normally it's going
to look something like that but I'm going to keep mine one at 175 and just in case once in a while I'm
just going to switch around.
Then we have our paragraphs.
So what I would like to first of all do for all my paragraphs that I'm going to have within the text.
Well I'm going to go for the margin and I'm gonna set up margin bottom margin bottom is going to be
one point twenty five arms and then line height.
I'm going to increase.
So I'm going to set up two as well as font of weight is going to be 300.
Remember when we got it from google funds we had an option of 400 to 300.
Now in my case I'm gonna go for font weight and I'm gonna set this up Rs 300.
Now what else I would like to do.
Lastly since we're gonna use the links throughout our project remember that for each and every link
we're adding It comes with this annoying underline.
Right.
So I'd like to get rid of it where I'm gonna say for all the links that I'm gonna have within my project
I would like to get a text declaration text declaration of nine.
Now we're not done totally with a global stars.
There's going to be some more global stars but we're not going to write them right now.
So as we're working element or section by section in fact there's going to be some global stars some
more global stars.
So I'm just going to write here more global styles.
And that's number one.
And then right after that I'm in fact going to set up for my nav bar and hero.
Like I said we're not going to start with a nav bar I'm just going to create some comments where there's
going to be some stars here.
And that's right.
Now I have bar graph.
And let's add some more styles or stars or not styles.
Let's copy and paste it.
Let's see end of number again.
Now bar we're going to create all the way at the end of the project but it should still work where I'm
going to copy and paste both these lines.
And then let's just change these values where we're going to have the hero component and of course we're
going to have later on some more comments.
But for now let's just have end of Hero hero.
And then you know what.
Why don't we also do the same thing where we are going to copy and paste the knob bar and let's place
it here right after the body.
So I'm going to have a bigger comment where I'm going to write global styles like so and I guess I can
get rid of it then at the end of this guy.
We have more global stars.
But before the number I'm gonna add end of global stars and just so we can in fact navigate around our
success a little bit better where we have some kind of separations where these are gonna be my global
stars and again we're not done.
There's gonna be some more global stars like for example buttons metallurgists right here and of little
more stars all right.
Now once we're done with our global sea us at least for now why don't we start working on our first
element the hero element.